docs: re enable devnet infra guide in gitbook (#631)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer: docs/guides/5_setup_aligned.md

After having the env setup, run in different terminals the following commands to boot Aligned locally:

## Anvil

> To start anvil, a local Ethereum devnet, for you to deploy and interact with the contracts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start anvil, a local Ethereum devnet with all necessary contracts already deployed and ready to be interacted with, run:
```

make operator_deposit_into_mock_strategy CONFIG_FILE=<path_to_config_file>
```

### Deposit Strategy tokens in Holesky/Mainnet

EigenLayer strategies are available in [eigenlayer-strategies](https://holesky.eigenlayer.xyz/restake).

> For Holesky, we are using [WETH](https://holesky.eigenlayer.xyz/restake/WETH) as the strategy token.

Reviewer 2: Should we add that we now support all tokens?

Reviewer 2: Nvm, let's leave it for another PR.

To obtain HolETH and swap it for different strategies, you can use the following [guide](https://docs.eigenlayer.xyz/eigenlayer/restaking-guides/restaking-user-guide/testnet/obtaining-testnet-eth-and-liquid-staking-tokens-lsts).

### Config

There is a default configuration for devnet purposes in `config-files/config.yaml`.

> Also, there are 3 different configurations for the operator in `config-files/devnet/operator-1.yaml`, `config-files/devnet/operator-2.yaml` and `config-files/devnet/operator-3.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: I think the config file used as an example here is old, it's missing:
```
enable_metrics
metrics_ip_port_address
max_batch_size
```
 in the operator config

Reviewer 2: Solved in [44a26ab](https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/631/commits/44a26abfc3b2e462c51f305397b5532d3ee122e2)

  private_key_store_password: <ecdsa_private_key_store_password>

> ```

Reviewer 2: Batcher config seems to be old, it's missing:
```
max_proof_size
max_batch_size
eth_ws_reconnects
pre_verification_is_enabled
 ```

Reviewer 2: Solved in [44a26ab](https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/631/commits/44a26abfc3b2e462c51f305397b5532d3ee122e2)
